Remove sensitive name from repo (#10)
cisagov/cool-sharedservices-cdm: README.md

# cool-sharedservices-cdm #

[![GitHub Build Status](https://github.com/cisagov/cool-sharedservices-cdm/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cisagov/cool-sharedservices-cdm/actions)

This is a Terraform deployment for creating the site-to-site VPN

> tunnel between the COOL and the CDM (Virtual Enterprise Network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tunnel between the COOL and the CDM (Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation)
```

Author: Fixed in commit 7d6010d.
